You may know me as the author of the original "For We All Love the General Named Caius;" you probably know me as the person so infatuated with Caius Espinosa that I wrote a whole book about him. But the fact of the matter is that, by the time that I actually started drafting, I was barely even able to bring myself to. When I was first commissioned to write the book, I was excited; Caius Espinosa-- *the* Caius Espinosa-- wanted *me* to write his book. His name would be etched in the annals of history beside the gods, and I would be the one to put it there; little did I know that taking that commission would be the greatest mistake of my life.
We all know the general for his legendary actions and bravery. I saw firsthand his victories against impossible odds, his military genius. I don't doubt that many of the stories are true-- just as most of the original book was; the issue is that none of them 
I walked beside the general through the bloodied towns, through the ruins of Sangua and Ayeza; in these ruins, I collected the diaries of two of Caius' victims, Maria Casca, a community leader in Sangua, and Erzorez, the Orc general, skilled orator, and-- despite what my book may say-- deeply compassionate person who cared for all, even us humans. At one point, the general found these diaries and, knowing they could tarnish his reputation, ordered me to burn them. I could have burned the diaries, as Caius demanded, and saved myself from his wrath. But even as I feared his retaliation, I feared the silence more-- the silence of the real history buried with the dead.
I finished the revised version 24 years ago, but the fear of Caius' retaliation held me back from publishing it until after he died. Caius-- the one we loved and revered, the one we exalted as savior, the one who took vengeance Sangua-- in truth, was a self-righteous, narcissist that only cared about personal glory; Caius never sought revenge for the fallen in Sangua. Where once I sang the praises of victory, you will hear the grief of the slaughtered. For we all love the general named Caius-- but we can't let us be blinded by love, we must reckon with the truth of who he really was: a troubled man who thought himself so inadequate that he would do anything for glory.

